All right this is the last lecture for the Excel how to section and what I'll do is I'll just show you
the miscellaneous stuff I haven't covered yet.
I'll kick it off here with the checkboxes So the checkboxes don't work that well.
They're a little finicky.
And so what I had to do was maximize this you've got to make sure you got the developer tab there.
If it isn't there on Windows or Mac version or Excel then do a search on line for your head at it.
And then what you do is you add these here.
So it's not perfect but ready.
So it's really finicky.
But and then when you start typing in there with the name you can't see what you're typing until it's
till you're finished typing it.
So watch this flight control for all.
And then I start typing.
Chris is here.
It's slow and Lot his first letter to the shop is finished anyway whatever.
So all this does is when you use a checkbox It adds.
True or false to itself.
So if you're right click Like always you right click to tell it what to point to.
So if you go to form a control and then what you do is you just tell it where to put true or false right
here Reyher other acts.
And then when you click it it will say true or false.
So if I click here what happens there you'll see true or false period.
True and then falsify turned off
a false look.
And all I did here was for this guy here.
I just basically set it so that if this box is checked it's going to turn off.
Boarded the ship there it's gone.
And then here if you click my performances off one's computer but if you click here and basically what
I did was I created this little cell way down below and I said if this thing here is false then make
whatever is here blank.
So I don't know if it's true make it blank.
If it's false make it that so basically because it's false it's that I'll start with the opposite.
And you know I'm getting it.
So what I'm doing is this I'm going to go down here to show you where I got it from
a painful.
OK so you're going peers very fast.
But if you paste it here it's going to go down below and it's going to grab it.
See here that's it is the board on or off.
And I name that Z the check Sept. 3 board.
I did that for an hour for milestone and product image.
That's it.
That's all I did.
And then basically it's going to point back down.
We find it real in here it's going to point back down to those pointers below and then switches on or
off ourselves if that checkbox way down there makes it true then do this otherwise do that and K3 31
is where I got the data from I guess right.
So yes you can copy that.
Ok cool smart.
All right.
And that is that's.
Let's see if there's anything else but something here in presentation slides.
This one here for the hyperlinks.
You can just you can right click and it's hyperlink or you can create a formula to hyperlink and then
basically what I did was I just made it link back to wherever wherever this came from.
By right clicking I.
This is hard coding but whatever.
It worked.
And then what I did was I put a hyperlink in and then the hyperlink was just pointing to a reserve word
so it would have gone back to your product or service description if you clicked it so alphabetical
thank goodness.
Go to your product or service.
Come on in.
I promise you it'll show your product.
OK.
So if he keeps scrolling here you'll see.
There we go.
Your product or service it pulls it up and I'll say here click to go to your product or service that's
it.
Pretty reichlich Insert Hyperlink and that's it.
And this is just a button to some YouTube video I did
and that is it's.
That's it.
I think I've shown you everything.
If I haven't if you have if anybody has made it this far in this lesson if you have any additional questions
on this or if it's something I didn't explain that you're curious about please let me know.
But basically what I recommend is if you look at the formulas and if they seem somewhat complex then
just break it down by looking at one bracket the innermost set of brackets and delete everything else
and then build on that slowly build slowly and then that.
That should explain everything for you.
But I think I've covered every major topic on on how to make this now remember we had that made that
mistake there by the close bracket and that's basically OK if you have any questions please let me know
otherwise.
Thank you very much for this lesson appreciate.
Thanks.